Keya Wonder - Hot Red Chilli Flakes, 40 gm Jar--76
About--Keya Wonder Hot Red Chilli Flakes Herbs is processed and they are unique mix of freeze-dried. It contains the perfect aroma and fragrance to create the food tastier. This herbs creates the food more delicious and it is broadly used in the Indian and continental foods.
ingredients==Dried Red Chillies.


Everest Powder - Green Coriander, 100 gm Pouch---30
About--Everest Green Coriander has a taste which combines lemon and sage, with a sweet-note as suggestion. It's a cooling spice. It is a wonderful blend of garden-fresh aroma and accepted green colour. This variety is extensively used to give Indian curries its distinctive curry flavour.
ingredients--Coriander Powder.


Everest Powder - Hing Asafoetida, 50 gm Jar--46
About--Compounded Hing Powder Yellow,
Nutritional Information: Energy: 328 K cal, Protein 4.0g, Carbohydrates 75.8g, Fat 1.1g, Saturated Fat: 0.75g, Poly unsaturated fatty acid 1.0g, Monounsaturated fatty acid 1.2g, Cholesterol 0.0g, Vitamin 0.006g, Minerals 0.73g.


Eatopian Delights - Malabari Biryani Masala, 50 gm--230
About--Eatopian Delights brings the incredible and diverse tastes of India to your table so you can sample the best artisanal creations, handpicked for you.
The Malabari Biryani Masala comes with a recipe card for an authentic Malabari Biryani


Bb Royal Cardamom - Green, 20 gm Pouch--47
About--Green Cardamom is a very popular spice featuring green shell and small brown seeds. It is added in dishes to provide a strong aroma and flavor but in Ayurveda it is considered to be a very useful and effective medicine. The spice can be crushed and used in foods to enhance the flavour of the dishes.
ingredients--Green cardamom seeds, powder and even oil can bolster our digestion and give us relief from flatulence. These are used for preparing digestive tonic. It is also considered as a natural remedy for abdominal gases. It can also help us maintain our oral health by preventing oral infections.


Bb Royal Jeera, 100 gm Pouch--34
About--Jeera is a strong spice and most people use it to add additional taste to their food. However, this spice is well-known not just for its flavor, but also for the wellbeing benefits of cumin seeds. It is a familiar ingredient in Indian kitchens. Apart from adding savor to a dish, it has got fitness benefits too. It is a spice which offers a sturdy, exclusive and soothing smell. It is used to offer flavor to different cuisines.
benefits--Jeera seeds are rich in the Vitamin C and have anti fungal properties thus aids in curing the cold including other respiratory problems. It also helps in maintaining the kidney health and metabolism process. It also provides relief from the chills, reduce swellings, relieve breathing difficulties and regulate bowel movements, relief joint infections, treat umbilical hernia, treat intestinal diseases, eyes problems and toothache.

Eatopian Delights - Chammanthi Podi & Kondattam Molagu, 250 gm--360
About-Eatopian Delights brings the incredible and diverse tastes of India to your table so you can sample the best artisanal creations, handpicked for you.


Dabur Hommade Paste - Garlic, 200 gm Pouch--36
About--Dabur Homemade Garlic Paste gives individual flavour and fragrance of freshly grounded garlic. The Garlic Paste adds amazing flavour and smell to any dish. It blends with your food enhances the taste. Hommade saves the drudgery of peeling, chopping and grinding. It hygienically filled and made from the finest and freshest ingredients.
ingredients--Ginger(43%), Garlic (26%), Water, Salt, Acidulant (INS 296) and Stabilizer (INS 415).


