Bb Royal Walnut Kernels, 100 gm Pouch--356
About--Walnuts are a yummy way to add additional nutrition, taste and crunch to a meal. It consists of two bumpy lobes that look like abstract butterflies. The lobes are off white in color and coated by a thin, light brown skin. They also have B complex vitamins and fibre in addition to minerals such as potassium, iron, copper and calcium.
benefits--Walnut helps improve body's metabolism. It is recommended for patients with liver ailments. It has a mild laxative effect, it is beneficial in cases of constipation.


Bb Royal Plain Pista, 100 gm Pouch--267
About--Pistachios are tiny and delicious nuts enclosed in shells. These are an outstanding and rich tasting nut. It as they are sometimes called are well-liked because of their little size, green colour and simple to open shells.
Benefits--Pista helps in the production of haemoglobin but also boosts your immunity. It helps in eliminating dryness from the skin. Infections are averted as these help remove toxins from the body which by extension promotes healthy skin.


Bb Royal Apricots, 100 gm Pouch--86
About--Apricots are tiny drupes that resemble peaches or plums. They contain a spongy, tangy flesh beneath a thin outer skin. In the middle of the apricot is a great pit, which is inedible, so being cautious when taking that first large bit. They are normally yellow or orange, with a slight hint of red on one side. Apricots, clean and canned food, especially in dry, antioxidants that aid avoid heart disease. They can be enjoyed in a broad variety of ways, and every culture delights apricots differently.
Apricots can be consumed raw and are commonly used in desserts and baked goods.
Benefits---These berries are high in fiber healthy, rich in beta carotene, as well as a number of nutrients for health. Apricots are rich in vitamin A, which is a powerful antioxidant, prevents free radical damage in tissues and cells. Especially in the eyes and vision are very useful, such as free radicals can act in Qatar and macular degeneration and destruction of blood flow leading to the eye. "It is obvious that fruits rich in vitamin A, carrots are a better appearance.


Shree Ram Spices Badam - Premium, 500 gm Pouch--597
Facets----(per 100g of Almonds) Calories: 578kcal Total Fat: 51g Saturates: 4 g Trans fat: 0 g Cholesterol: 0mg Sodium: 1mg Carbohydrates: 20g Fibre: 12g Sugar: 4.8 g Protein: 21g Vit A: 5 IU Vit C: 0 mg Calcium: 248 mg Iron: 4.3 mg


Bb Royal Almond - Mamra, 200 gm Pouch--639
Abouts--Mamra Almonds are wealthy source of Minerals, Proteins & Vitamins. The Almond Mamra is rarer still, tastier and contains higher nutritional content compared to other almonds. It is an excellent source of calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, potassium & fiber.
Almonds are used to make oil that is used as a moisturizer as well as a culinary ingredient. They can be used as garnish and is a common ingredient in desserts. Most popularly used to make badam milk.
Bennefits--It prevents coronary artery disease & strokes by favoring healthy blood lipid profile and it prevents skin disorder, anemia & respiratory diseases. It improves the movement of food through the colon, thereby preventing colon cancer and protection against diabetes. It is good for brain and heart.

Shree Ram Spices Cashew - 320, 500 gm Pouch---540
About--Cashew nuts are rich in monounsaturated fatty acid and minerals such as iron, potassium, phosphorous, copper, zinc and selenium. They also contain god amounts of dietary fibre, oil and antioxidants. Being a good a source of iron they help prevent "anemia". The fat contained in the nut is healthy for the heart. They promote bone and teeth health, and aid digestion, and help boost the body's metabolism.


Kashew King Cashew Nuts - Salted & Roasted, 100 gm--110
About--Salted Cashew "free from oil fry" are evergreen snack preferred by Cashew Lovers Worldwide. It has a right mix of free Flow Salt roasted with crunchy cashews at right temperature that produces nothing but a perfect Roasted Salted Cashews. Simply crispy and tasty nuts packed in air tight containers (Pet Jars) that are perfectly sealed to preserve original taste and minimize breakages.




