Fresho Apple - Kinur, 1 kg ( approx. 7 to 8 nos---178rs
About-Kinur Apples are identified for their usual sweetness, colour, and succulence and prolonged shelf life. It is well known for high excellence and wide ranges apples. It is also packed of a fibre called pectin and fibre, a mixture that gives it a huge list of wellbeing benefits. It keeps against metabolic syndrome.
Benefits-It includes relief for indigestion, stomach disorders, anemia, weakness, dysentery, heart disease, rheumatism, eye disorders, cancer, gout, and skin care. It really helps you to lose fat and they have also provided high brain function.

Fresho Apple - Fuji, 1 kg ( approx. 6 to 7 nos )--228
About--Apple Fuji has a predominantly red/dull pink blush over a green/yellow base. It may have a speckled or striped pattern on its skin. These apples are firm, pinkish-skinned, sugary-sweet flavoured, juicy fruits that are native to Japan. They are a good source of soluble as well as insoluble fibre, vitamins A and C. They contain high quantities of sugar and water.
Benefits--Apples are a rich source of dietary fiber, which helps in slow release of sugars in the body, maintaining a steady blood sugar level and lowers the risk of developing Type 2 diabetes. They helps to prevent "heart disease", contain anti-oxidant properties that help battle "cancerous" cells and protect the skin from "UV-B rays". They also help reduce "cholesterol"


Fresho Banana - Yelakki Semi Ripe (Grade A), 1 kg ( approx. 17 to 18 nos )--103
About--Yelakki bananas are tiny sized bananas around 3- 4 inches in length, contain a thinner skin and improved shelf life than Robusta bananas. Green fruits turn golden yellow on developing, and the flesh is white in color. They contain a good taste which is mainly sweet but with a slight sour touch. It also contains a fragrant aroma. Bananas are simple to digest.
Benefits--It has a natural antacid effect in the body and neutralizes over-acidity, reduces irritation by coating the lining of the stomach and soothes ulcers & heartburn. It contains the amino acid tryptophan which helps the body to produce serotonin - which has a calming effect on the brain and is known to make you relax. It contains B Vitamins & minerals that lessen the effects of nicotine withdrawal.


Fresho Banana - Robusta Semi Ripe (Grade A Super), 1 kg ( approx. 6 to 7 nos )--34
About--Robusta Semi Ripe Bananas are around 6-7 inches long. Robusta has a dissimilar sweet flavor, good smell and the texture is mushy and smooth. They come neatly filled in their own wrapper, want not be washed before eating and are very moveable too. One banana supplies 30 percent of the daily B6 must and is rich in Vitamin C and potassium. It also has trace amounts of numerous amino acid, including tryptophan get during our diet.
Benefits--The natural sugars in bananas , sucrose, fructose and glucose along with fiber in a banana gives an instant, sustained and substantial boost of energy. It is easy to digest food and reduces irritation by coating the lining of the stomach and soothes ulcers & heartburn. It helps quit smoking.

Fresho Water Melon - Kiran, 1 pc ( approx. 1.5 to 2 kg )--58
About--Watermelon Kiran is a smaller range of watermelons, oblong in shape with a dark green banded rind and pinkish-red flesh, interspersed with numerous brownish-black seeds. This variety includes a thinner rind than other varieties of watermelon. The flesh is sugary, juicy with a grainy texture.
Benefits--Watermelon is extremely alkaline forming and reduces acidity, also it is a natural diuretic. They contain citrulline which can trigger production of a compound in the body that helps relax the body’s blood vessels, promoting cardiovascular health. It eases inflammation in conditions like asthma, atherosclerosis, diabetes, colon cancer, and arthritis.


Fresho Pomegranate - Kesar, 1 kg ( approx. 4 to 5 nos )--201
About--Pomegranate Kesar have been respected as a symbol of fertility & health. This variety has a vibrant, soft ruby-red skin and shiny. This nutrient dense, antioxidant rich fruit is considered to be a super-food; just one glass of pomegranate juice has more antioxidants. It is rich supply of soluble and insoluble dietary fibers. It is a fine supply of vitamin K, C, minerals and B-complex vitamins such as B5, B6.
Benefits--It is good for pregnant women going through the process of cell growth and division during the pregnancy. It prevents brain damage to the baby due to insufficient blood flow. It has antibacterial properties which protects the body from influenza, several bacteria. It maintains a healthy heart.\


Fresho Pear - Green, 1 kg ( approx. 6 to 7 nos )--269
aBOUT--Green Pear includes white or cream-colored flesh. They often contain brown colored speckles on their outer surface. They include a juicy, crispy and sweet taste & a spongy, slightly grainy texture. A ripe pear is hard but not rock hard and contain a rich aroma when ripe. It includes carbohydrates, Vitamins A, C, K, E, Folate, B2, B1 & niacin. Important phytochemicals in pears include beta-carotene, quercetin, chlorogenic acid, pectin, and tocopherols.
bENEFITS--Pears have a low glycemic index which helps in the prevention of coronary heart disease, obesity, and in the management of diabetes. It provides with a quick and natural source of energy. It is known to have a cooling effect that is excellent in relieving fever.

Fresho Papaya Local (Medium) - Grade A, 1 pc ( approx. 900 gm to 1 kg )--51
About--Papaya includes thin smooth skin dark green in color when undeveloped, which changes to orange or bright yellowish, as it ripens. It includes a delicious, succulent orange flesh sometimes with pink or yellow hues. Inside the internal cavity of the fruit are numerous black, round seeds covered in a gelatinous-like substance (some varieties are seedless). The enzymes which are liable for conducting most of the chemical reactions require for keeping good mental and physical health.
Benefits--Papaya helps cardiovascular health by controlling homocysteine levels in the bloodstream, high levels of which can damage blood vessels, and lower undesirable LDL cholesterol. It is very beneficial to those with enzyme deficiencies or with low stomach acid output, which is common with age. It can be useful for most gastrointestinal ailments; from easing indigestion to enhancing the body’s defense of colon cancer and also help with ulcers. It contains vital nutrients including potassium, magnesium, and vitamins A, C, E and B.

Fresho Coconut - Large, 1 pc ( approx. 500 to 600 gm )--24
About--Coconut is a extremely steady fruit. It is a grown-up fruit of the cocos nucifera palm. The fruit is approximately spherical to oval in shape and measure between 5-10 inches in width. Its hard external husk is light green, and turns gray as the nut grown up. The husk is concerning 1-2 inches in thickness and completed of solid fibers
Benefits--Coconut is to stabilizing blood sugar, lowering cholesterol, healing, hydration and even replacing blood plasma in an emergency.


Fresho Grapes - Red (Globe), 250 gm--117
About--Red Globe grapes are uniquely large and round. They have large seeds, a crunchy skin and fleshy pulp and are pinkish red in color. These are mildly sweet and tasty. They are not as tangy as flame seedless or as sweet as Thompson seedless.
Benefits--Red grapes possess antibacterial and antiviral properties. Thus, they protect you from many infections. Red grapes are useful for reducing uric acid. These help to eliminate the acid from the system and reduce the work pressure of the kidneys.


Fresho Guava, 1 kg ( approx. 9 to 10 nos )--97
About--Guava is a somewhat round or pear-shaped regular fruit, and is yellow, light green or maroon in color on the outside when it is ripe. It also has white or maroon flesh and lots of small hard seeds covered in very supple, sweet pulp. It is eaten raw (ripe or semi-ripe) or in the form of jams and jellies.
Benefits--The health benefits of guava include the treatment of diarrhea, dysentery, constipation, cough, cold, skin care, high blood pressure, weight loss and scurvy.


Fresho Strawberry, 200 gm-54
About--Fresho is our brand of fresh fruits and vegetables which are individually handpicked everyday by our experienced and technically competent buyers. Our buying, storing and packaging processes are tailored to ensure that only the fresh, nutrient dense, healthy and delicious produce reaches your doorstep. We guarantee the quality of all Fresho products. If you're not satisfied with the freshness of the items, you can hand them back to our Customer Experience Executive (CEE) for a full refund.
Benefits--


Fresho Orange - Nagpur, 1 kg ( approx. 6 to 7 nos )--88
About--Nagpur Oranges are unique in taste, color and are rich in nutrients and antioxidants. Oranges are high in Vitamin C which helps to reduce the incidence of Peptic Ulcers and Stomach Cancer. The strong content of Vitamin C stimulates white cells to fight against infection, naturally helps to build a good immune system.
Fresho is our brand of fresh fruits and vegetables which are individually handpicked everyday by our experienced and technically competent buyers. Our buying, storing and packaging processes are tailored to ensure that only the fresh, nutrient dense, healthy and delicious produce reaches your doorstep. We guarantee the quality of all Fresho products. If you're not satisfied with the freshness of the items, you can hand them back to our Customer Experience Executive (CEE) for a full refund



