Paper Boat Aamras - Celebration Bag, 250 ml Bag ( Pack of 6 )--300
About--The drink that mom used to make at home....with only mangoes. It didn't have colour,  preservatives or artificial flavours.
Paperboat Aamras is a tribute to that purity. 45% mango pulp,  no colours,  no preservatives, no artifical flavours. Compare it with any mango drink. ...This is 'aamras'. Thick, Pure, Honest.
Life is still beautiful!



Paper Boat Aam Panna - Drinks and Memories, 250 ml Carton---27
About--One of India's many summer drinks, the spicy Aampanna is a surefire mainstay North and East Indian cuisine. Proving, if nothing, the sheer versatility of the mango. Binding spices and mango together, Aampanna is proof that happiness is nothing but a sweet and sour concoction.
Paper Boat Drinks and Memories aam Panna: Ingredients: Water, Mango Pulp (15%), Sugar, Lemon Juice Concentrate, Spice and condiments (Amchur Powder, Cumin Powder, Black Pepper Powder), Iodised Salt, Black Salt, Acidity Regulator (Citric Acid), Stabilizer (Pectin) and Antioxidant (Ascorbic Acid), Contain Added Flavour (Natural & Nature-Identical Flavouring Substances).
facts--(Typical Values Per 100 ml), Energy 45 kcal, Carbohydrate 12 g, Sugar 9.5g, Protein 0g, Fat 0g.


Tropicana Juice - Mango, 1 ltr Tetra---95
About--Tropica Mango Juice is extracted from the real fruit that has got a heart filling taste. It is the perfect companion to your breakfast. The Mango Drink has been made from pure juice that has got slightly pasteurized in order to extend its shelf life. Drink fresh and feel the smooth consistency of the real Tropicana Mango Juice.
Tropicana mango juice is the perfect companion to your breakfast. Store it in your refrigerator and a chilled glass of juice will save you from the heat! Perfect to serve it to guests as well. Try serving a glass of nutrition rather than a glass of fizzy drink that does no good to your health. Healthy and tasty – the mango juice tastes just like the real fruit. And when mangoes are not in season and you have a craving, just grab a pack of Tropicana to satiate that craving. But Tropicana juice online now!
ingredients--Water, mango pulp concentrate & alphonso mango pulp (20%), sugar, acidity regulator (330). Contains permitted natural colour (160a(i)) and added flavour nature identical flavouring substances.


Frooti Drink - Fresh 'N' Juicy Mango, 200 ml Carton--12
About--Frooti Drink - Fresh 'N' Juicy Mango is completed of fresh juicy mangoes giving you a tang that will repeat you of the real fruit. It is the mainly trusted fruit beverage brand. It brings out the youngster in every one and tastes great too. It ensures that you can get pleasure from the taste of the best-grown mangoes suitably throughout the year. Tetra Pak technology guarantees that the drink is preservative free and retains its superiority and freshness.
ingredients--Water, Mango Pulp, Sugar, Acidity regulator (330), Antioxidant (300).

Slice Mango Drink, 1.2 ltr Bottle--20
About--Slice Mango Drink is good for our health. It is very tasty. Slice is a fruit juice based drink which contains an ideal combination of the famous mango varieties.
ingredients--Water, Mango Pulp, Sugar.


Real Fruit Power Juice - Mango, 1 ltr Carton--92
About--Real Mango juice is made keeping quality in mind and only the best and the finest mangoes are chosen for this purpose. It's thick, and so full of mangoes that every sip is like biting into the sumptuous fruit itself. It is also of great advantage for their overall growth and development as the juice is enriched with the goodness of beta carotene as well as vitamin C.
ingredients---Water, Mango Pulp, Sugar, Acidity Regulator (INS 330), Stabilizer (INS 440), Antioxidants (INS 300).






