Merit Vco Coconut Oil - Extra Virgin, 500 ml Bottle--355
About--Merit VCO Extra Virgin Coconut Oil is completed from fresh mature coconuts and is processed right at our processing plant at Patalganga industrial area. It is cold processed thus maintaining the light scent and flavor of new coconuts. It is rich in medium chain fatty acids, mainly Lauric Acid. Lauric acid is the same fatty acid found in mother's milk that gives protection to babies. Among the benefits of VCO (Virgin Coconut oil) are it helps weight-loss by increasing metabolism, improves the immune system, it has anti-bacterial and anti-viral properties and it has first-class moisturizing properties as well.
If you have sensitive skin, athlete's foot, acne, eczema, psoriasis, sunburn, dandruff, dry skin, aging skin, corns or fungal infections, use on your skin or massage in this top quality organic cold pressed virgin coconut oil that can help you with your skin problems.

Kpl Shudhi - Coconut Oil, 1 lt Pouch--266
About--The people once experienced the difference vouch for the quality it stands for. And the excellent words from their mouth spread unstopped like the fragrance of pure coconut oil, creating KPL Sudhi Coconut oil as a first preference among the coconut oil brands.
Ingredients--100% Natural coconut oil of edible grade.

Merit Vco Coconut Oil - Extra Virgin, 250 ml Bottle--202
About--Merit VCO Extra Virgin Coconut Oil 3 in 1 is pure unprocessed oil which is perfect for your hair. It is complete from coconut milk, it's just happens to be one of the most efficient conditioners for all hair types, making it a right consent for your hair. It also seals in dampness conditioning from within and making hair stronger and silkier.
The main content of virgin coconut oil is 'Lauric Acid' which is found only in mother's milk. The anti viral, anti microbial, anti fungal and anti protozoal properties of Medium Chain Fatty Acids (C8,C10,C12) with Lauric Acid (C12) and its monoglycerides form, monolaurin helps boost the immunity of the human body thereby making it resistant to bacteria, fungi and viral infections which are not normally cured by ordinary antibiotics.
If you have sensitive skin, athlete's foot, acne, eczema, psoriasis, sunburn, dandruff, dry skin, aging skin, corns or fungal infections, use on your skin or massage in this top quality organic cold pressed virgin coconut oil that can help you with your skin problems.


